# CSC151-Final-Project

Authors: Xuyi(Sam) Ren, Hassan, Jonathan Gaynor, Ari Johnson, Sam

## Project Description

We are planning to create a digital art where using scamper as our coding language. It will be a 2D digital art where the idea comes from fractals. We are going to combine it with music and make it interactive. The user will be able to interact with the art by clicking on the screen and the art will change according to the music. The music will be generated by the code and will be played in the background.

We decomposit the project into 3 parts:

1. The art part: The art will be created by fractals. The fractals will be generated by the code and the user will be able to interact with the art by clicking on the screen.
2. The music part: The music will be generated by the code and will be played in the background. The music will change according to the art.
3. The interactive(Animation) part: The user will be able to interact with the art by clicking on the screen. The art will change according to the music.

### Art Part

In this part we are going to code in section1.scm file. We are going to design a procedure where the fractals are generated by some character patterns.


### Music Part


### Animation Part



## How to contribute (using git)

Git is a version control system that allows multiple people to work on the same project. This is a quick guide on how to use git to contribute to this project.

### Cloning the repository

To get a copy of the project on your local machine, run:

```
git clone https://github.com/Sam-superlab/CSC151-Final-Project
```

### Creating a branch

Before making changes, create a new branch:

```
git checkout -b your-branch-name
```

### Committing your changes

After making changes, commit them with a comment:

```
git commit -m "your comment here"
```

### Pushing your changes

Push your changes to the GitHub repository:

```
git push origin your-branch-name
```

If it fails, probably because you are not up-to-date with the main branch, pull the changes from the main branch:

```
git pull origin main
```

Resolve any conflicts, then push your changes again:

```
git push origin your-branch-name
```

### Creating a pull request

Once your changes are pushed, create a pull request on GitHub by clicking the "New pull request" button. Select the branch you want to merge and create the pull request. Assign someone to review and merge your changes to the main branch.

If you have any questions, feel free to ask.

